README.md, before:

# portfolio
This is a public portfolio for Telling Stores with Data at CMU!

# About Me

I am a second year masters student at Carnegie Mellon University. I am pursuing a MS in Electrical & Computer Engineering and MS in Engineering & Technology Innovation Management. My passion lies within the intersection of technology, business and art. I am very interested in data science and machine learning. 


# What I Hope To Learn

Data can seem very complicated and overwhelming at first. During the exploratory data analsysis phase there are important insights that can be uncovered. As an aspiring data scientists, entrepreneur and educator working in innovation it is important for me to be able to make this clear. I would like to be able to effectively show important findings in data so that any type of audience can understand and interact with that data. I want to learn the most effective ways to tell meaningful stories with data. 

# Portfolio

This is where all my cool work will go. This is why you should hire me.

Commit message:

Added more info to about me

README.md, after:

# portfolio
This is a public portfolio for Telling Stores with Data at CMU!

# About Me

I am a second year masters student at Carnegie Mellon University. I am pursuing a MS in Electrical & Computer Engineering and MS in Engineering & Technology Innovation Management. My passion lies within the intersection of technology, business and art. My courses have been centered around data science, machine learning and entrepreneurship. I like to write about various topics under the artificial intelligence umbrella. You can check some of my articles [here](https://medium.com/@maxineattobrah)

I also have done a few data science/machine learning competitions on Kaggle. [Join me](https://www.kaggle.com/maxineattobrah) and lets form a team for the next competition!

In my free time I love to go to art exhibits, hang out friends/family, work out, try new tech and play with legos.


# What I Hope To Learn

Data can seem very complicated and overwhelming at first. During the exploratory data analsysis phase there are important insights that can be uncovered. As an aspiring data scientists/machine learning engineer, entrepreneur and educator working in innovation, it is important for me to be able to make this clear. I would like to be able to effectively show important findings in data so that any type of audience can understand and interact with that data. I want to learn the most effective ways to tell meaningful stories with data. 

# Portfolio

This is where all my cool work will go. This is why you should hire me.
